Installation varies from one Operating System to another.  For complete
instructions, see the appropriate subsection in the "Versions" section
of the manual.  Basically, though, it goes like this:

	VMS:	There is a batch file called "vmsbuild.com" which compiles
		elvis and the related utilities.  You just need to say
		"@vmsbuild" and wait a while.  (On a little old VAX with
		heavy load, elvis can take up to half an hour to compile!)

		After that, the programs need to be set up as foreign
		commands.  A batch file called "vmssetup.com" does this.

	DOS:	If you're using MS-C 5.x (for a fairly recent x), then
		you can compile elvis and the related programs by saying
		"make elvis.mak" and waiting a while.

		If you're using Turbo-C or Borland C, then you will probably
		want to copy "Makefile.mix" to "Makefile", and then edit
		"Makefile" to select the Turbo-C group of settings.  Then run
		"make".

		Regardless of how you compile elvis, you must make a directory
		called "C:\TMP" before elvis will run correctly.

	EVERYTHING ELSE:
		Copy "Makefile.mix" to "Makefile", and then edit "Makefile"
		to select the proper group of settings.  Then run "make".

		When its done, run "make install" to copy the executables
		to /usr/local/bin (or whatever -- check the Makefile) and
		change their permissions.  On UNIX systems, you'll need to
		do this as "root".

That's the gist of it.  For complete instructions, you should look in the
"Versions" section of the manual.  You may also wish to browse through the
"CFLAGS" and "Makefile" sections of the manual.

The manual resides in a subdirectory called "doc".  Each section of the
manual is in a separate file, so it could be split across several shar
archives.  On a UNIX system, you can go into the "doc" directory and say
"make" to have these parts be appended to form a single file called
"Elvisman.txt".  On other systems, your best bet is probably to just
print out all of the "*.doc" files, and then append them in the following
order:
	title.doc	title page
	index.doc	index page
	intro.doc	introductory fluff
	visual.doc	visual commands and input mode
	ex.doc		table of ex commands, and descriptions
	regexp.doc	description of regular expressions and substitutions
	options.doc	detailed description of ":set" command
	cutbufs.doc	short discussion of cut-buffers and @ macros
	differ.doc	list of (known) differences between elvis and vi
	internal.doc	implementation details
	cflags.doc	compile-time options
	makefile.doc	description of the Makefile.mix file
	termcap.doc	how elvis uses termcap fields -- terminal descriptions
	environ.doc	environment variables that affect elvis
	versions.doc	OS-dependent information
	question.doc	some frquently asked questions & answers
	ctags.doc	man-page for "ctags" program
	elvis.doc	man-page for "elvis" program
	elvprsv.doc	man-page for "elvprsv" program
	elvrec.doc	man-page for "elvrec" program
	fmt.doc		man-page for "fmt" program
	ref.doc		man-page for "ref" program

NOTE: The manual pages are formatted for 66-line pages.  The last 6 lines of
each page are blank, for skipping page breaks.  Many laser printers default
to 60 lines per page, so you may have to delete those extra blank lines, or
replace them by formfeeds or something.
